feat: hello world apps readme docs (#9)
pingcap-inc/tidb-example-java: hello-world-apps/Hibernate/normal/TiDBHibernateNormalExample/README.md

> # TiDBHibernateNormalExample

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Using Hibernate to Connect to a TiDB Cluster (Over Non-SSL)
```

> **Note:**
>

> > This example showcases only the core part of building a Hello World program. For a more comprehensive and detailed example of CRUD operations, transactions, and other functionalities, please refer to the [Build a Simple CRUD App with TiDB and Hibernate](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/dev-guide-sample-application-java-hibernate).

Reviewer: showcases -> showcase

This example explains how to build a Hello World application for TiDB using [Hibernate ORM](https://hibernate.org/orm/). It includes the following steps:

1. Connect to the TiDB cluster and execute the `SELECT 'Hello World'` SQL query.
2. Retrieve the result of the SQL query.
3. Output the query result `Hello World`.

## Prerequisites

Before reading this article, make sure you have the following resources ready:

> - Create a [TiDB Serverless Tier cluster](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/dev-guide-build-cluster-in-cloud) or [TiDB cluster](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/quick-start-with-tidb).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deploy a [TiDB local test cluster](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/quick-start-with-tidb#deploy-a-local-test-cluster).
```
